Let's just go back to our example and see what an amazing thing you've just programmed.
We had a uniform distribution over places,
each place has a probability of 0.2.
And then you wrote a piece of code that use
the measurement to turn this prior into a posterior,
in which the probability of
the two red cells for the factor of three larger and the posterior of the green cells.
You've done exactly what I gave you
intuitively in the beginning as the secret of localization.
You manipulate a probability distribution over
places into a new one by incorporating the measurement.
In fact, let's go back to our code,
and test in your code whether we get
a good result when we replace our measurement red by green.
So, please type green into your measurement variable,
and rerun your code to see if you get the correct result.